MAN:
Ladies and gentlemen,
as you know, this is
Career Education Week.
These are the results
of your aptitude tests.
They'll show you
what careers
you're best suited for.
"Policewoman"?
"Furniture salesman"?
"Teacher"? Oh, no.
Uh, Mr. Grozowtski,
this is ridiculous.
I couldn't even
teach Chelsea how to whistle.
(sputtering )
See? Nothing.
Well, I think these tests
are very accurate.
Took one myself when
I was your age.
And it said
you should be a teacher?
Swimsuit model.
Anyway, you'll notice
attached to your results
is an assignment card.
You'll have half a day
off tomorrow
to spend with someone
who works in your career.
"Detective Ramirez."
"Mrs. Applebaum."
That's Cory's teacher.
Oh, man! I spend enough time
with him already.
"Big Al, the Sofa King"?
Who am I gonna sell a sofa to?
(screams )
(gasps )
Yo, Rae?
Did you just have a vision?
Yeah. And I think I got
your first customers.
♪Let's go ♪
♪ If you could gaze
into the future ♪
♪Future, future ♪
♪ You might think life
would be a breeze ♪
♪Life is a breeze ♪
♪ Seeing trouble
from a distance ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Go, Rae.
♪ But it's not that easy ♪
♪Oh, no ♪
Take it to the bridge now.
♪ I try to save the situation,
then I end up misbehaving ♪
♪ Hey, now, say, now,
'bout to break down ♪
♪ Yeah, come on and ride
with the Rae, hey ♪
♪ And if the future
looks gray now ♪
♪ Then everything's gonna
change now ♪
♪ All right, keep it going ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's the future I can see ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me... ♪
♪That's so Raven ♪
♪ It's so mysterious to me,
yeah ♪
Yep, that's me.
A new sofa isn't just
a piece of new furniture.
It's an extension ofyou.
So, when
people sit on it,
it's like they're sitting
on... you.
Look, Eddie, I'm sorry.
We want to support
your future career,
but we don't need a new sofa.
Whoa, whoa, before you say no,
why don't you both just...
take a seat right here?
Think about it.
Fine, Eddie,
but we're not going
to change
our minds.
Oh, I'll take that.
Oh!
Can you imagine that?!
Maybe it is time
that we get a new sofa.
Yeah.
Man! Come
on, Mr. B.
Let me help you
out of here.
Come on, Mrs. B.
Help me.
(grunting )
Well, look,
don't you guys worry,
'cause I'm going to hook you
right on up.
I was born to sell sofas.
(distant shouting )
CORY:
...how can I
ruin your life?
Honey? Your kids are home.
Why do they got to be
my kids?
(Cory and Raven
shouting )
That's enough!
What is going on here?
Mom, I should have
never went to Cory's class.
I knew he was going to act
like a little monster.
Me? You couldn't wait
to get in there
and tell us what
to do, Bossy Boots.
Bratty Pants!
Okay.
...nasty.
I see Career Day
was a big success.
She got me in trouble
with the principal.
Oh, please! You got
yourown self in trouble.
(sirens blaring )
Uh, how much trouble
did you guys get into?
Okay.
Just keep your mouths shut,
and let me do all the talking.
Thanks, Detective Ramirez.
I had a great time.
Ten-four, over and out. Whoo!
Okay, you guys,
the first thing I learned
about police work
is do not play
with handcuffs,
'cause they are super hard
to get out of.
Ow.
Thanks for the tip, Chelsea.
But something went on
in Cory's class today,
and we're trying to get
to the bottom of it.
Well... this sounds like
my first case.
Have a seat.
Okay, listen up,
you two.
We can do this
the easy way...
or we can do
this the hard way.
What's it gonna be?
Can I just tell my story,
please?
Okay. I think I
broke her down.
So, anyway, here is exactly
what happened.
I came into Cory's class
with the best of intentions.
Class, we have a very special
visitor today-- Raven!
(otherworldly music playing )
Here you go,
Mrs. Applebaum.
Oh!
I am here to spread joy
to all of the children.
(gasps )
Oh!
(loud squishing )
Raven, I'll be retiring
this year,
and I was just showing the class
this wonderful portrait
the Parents Association
presented to me.
(sighs )
It's an honor that I'll treasure
for the rest of my life.
Oh! Mrs. Applebaum!
You know what?
Why don't you take a break?
Oh!
Goodness knows,
you deserve it!
(sobs )
(tranquil harp music plays )
Larry, can I inspire your life
in any way?
No.
I'm just gazing upon
your beauty.
Well, gaze on.
(gasps ):
But not for too long.
We have to start
our geography lesson.
It's snack time!
Snack time?
Well, um...
Nutrition is
very important.
Cookies!
(gulping )
Oh! Uh...
(chuckling ):
Oh, Cory, Cory?
Why don't you save some
for the other children?
Did you say "smash some"?
No problem.
(gasps )
Oh, Cory!
Cory, why?
Why, Cory?
RAVEN:
So...
there I was...
making the best
of a horrible situation
that Cory created.
Jackpot! I found the candy
for Applebaum's
retirement party, baby!
Let's get sugared-up
and cause trouble!
No...
Here, here!
Yay!
Get it, get it!
Move up, move up!
Cory?
Cory, give me the candy!
You heard her, people.
Give her the candy.
What?
(shouting )
Stop, children, stop!
Children? Children, stop.
Don't let one
bad apple
spoil all you good fruits.
I'm sorry, Raven.
How about we have some juice
to make up?
Goodness, Cory,
I knew that there was good
deep down inside of you.
Oh!
(laughing )
Guess you didn't look
deep enough, did you?
Cory, listen.
I know that your bad behavior
is a cry for help,
so come here.
Let me hug you.
No!
I want to be bad!
No, Cory, come here...
Look at what you did!
Cory, oh, sweetie!
Do not run from love!
(screams )
Oh!
(gasps )
(screams )
(whimpering )
RAVEN:
And that's exactly
what happened.
Cory, you better have
a good explanation.
Okay.
The truth is,
everything Raven said was a lie.
Oh, oh, oh...
Cory, Cory,
could you be more specific?
Like, what happened?
Okay, this is how
it really went down.
It all started
when sweet Mrs. Applebaum
was showing us
her beautiful portrait.
Class, we have a very special
visitor today-- Raven!
(sinister music plays )
(thunder booms )
How y'all doing?
Don't worry,
that's my lovable sister Raven.
Her bark's worse
than her bite.
(vicious growling )
(growls )
Raven,
I'll be retiring this year,
and I was just showing the class
this wonderful portrait
the Parents Association
presented to me.
(sobbing )
It's an honor that I'll treasure
for the rest of my life.
Stop your blubbering, Applebaum.
You're a disgrace!
(crying )
Get out of here.
I ain't playing with you.
(loud crying )
(fiendish laughter )
What are you staring at?
The face of evil?
It's time to start the lesson.
Excuse me, sister dearest,
not to disrespect
your authority,
but it is snack time.
(fiercely ):
Snack time?!
(screaming )
(crying ):
I'm sorry!
It's my job--
I was only thinking
of the other children.
They look so hungry.
Fine.
You might as well get
some meat on your bones.
It'll be more of you
to boss around.
Give me that!
If you want a snack,
(crunching )
line up.
This is all
you're getting,
so make it last.
Please... I'm so weak,
may I have some m-more?
(shrieks ):
More?!
Sister, please,
he'll never make it
through the winter.
Can I at least give him
one marshmallow?
Maybe just one.
But... he has to catch it
in his mouth.
(fiendish laughter )
I'm such a bossy boots.
(gasps )
Snack time...
is over!
RAVEN:
Oh...!
I'm melting!
This is all
your fault!
(hissing )
(screaming )
(growls )
Mrs. Applebaum!
Let me get out of here!
Stay back.
Stay back,
you evil spirit!
(screaming ):
Stay back!
(gasps )
(screams )
(groans )
CORY:
And that's exactly
what happened.
TONYA:
I am so
disappointed in you.
You happy?
You see? You broke
Mom's heart.
I am talking about both of you--
making up stories
to get each other in trouble.
Mama, he does not need
my help getting in trouble.
I don't need your
help with anything,
but that doesn't stop
you from getting all
up in my business.
Okay, let's end this.
That's what
I'm saying, Dad,
'cause I got plans
this weekend...
No, you don't.
I want both of you to go
up to your rooms right now
and stay there until
you're ready to tell us
what really happened!
See what you did?!
Well, well,
seems like I've got
enough to go on, sir.
What do you got?
Maybe nothing.
Maybe everything.
Most likely nothing.
Hey, y'all, wait till you see
how Big All the Sofa King and I
hooked y'all right on up.
This way.
Pretty fly, huh?
Where did you...
How did you...
No, don't thank me.
Thank Big Al
the Sofa King.
Yeah, he said this stuff
came straight from Italy.
Does it have
a round-trip ticket?
Whoa, you're not feeling this?
I'm not feeling it,
I'm not touching it,
I don't even want to look at it.
(sighs ):
Oh, well,
guess this is
a little too youthful.
Excuse me?
Hey, y'all too old to be trying
to keep up with
all the latest trends and stuff.
My grandmother's the same way.
Your grandmother?!
Let me tell you
something.
We are just as young and hip
and funky fresh
as anybody else out there.
Great, Mr. B,
glad to hear you say that.
So will it be cash or charge?
Cash.
Victor...
Charge.
Victor!
What? We got to pay
for it somehow!
We're not buying it.
R-R-Right.
Just get us our furniture back.
Well, if you insist.
Make a couple phone calls.
Yeah, Big Al?
(laughs ):
No, Little Ed.
Yeah. Well,
they don't want it.
She wouldn't let him.
Uh-huh.
Well, apparently, the wife
wears the pants
in the family.
I'm just saying,
that's all I'm saying.
(laughs ):
You know...
That is not even
a real phone.
It's got candy in it.
Get out of here!
You broke my phone, brother.
You know, he might just have
a future in this business.
Okay, you guys,
I just had a big break
in the case.
Something...
is different
around here.
You know, Chelsea,
nothing gets by you.
Yeah, I know.
It's my keen eye for detail
that makes me so amazing
at police work.
What can I say?
Now, if you'll join me
in the kitchen,
I've got me a crime to solve.
All right, folks,
I'm gonna need the suspects.
That'd be your children.
Um, Cory? Raven?
You know she's not really
a detective, right?
Hi. Okay, all right,
we're gonna break this down.
Take a seat, take a seat,
take seat, take a seat.
Now, I've uncovered
a surprise witness for y'all.
Surprise witness,
could you come on out here,
please?
Thank you.
Obviously, our witness
would rather not be identified,
so we're gonna respect
his privacy.
Take a seat.
Right there.
Larry.
How'd you know it was me?
Man, you been wearing
that same sweatshirt
for two weeks.
Hey, Larry, we just
want to know the truth.
The only thing that
Cory and Raven seem
to agree upon
is that Mrs. Applebaum
left the room in-in tears.
LARRY:
Well,
I guess that's kind of true.
Uh-huh.
What really happened was...
(crying ):
It's an honor I will treasure
for the rest of my life.
Oh, Mrs. Applebaum,
are you crying
because you're leaving?
Oh, no, it's this new mascara--
I think I'm allergic to it.
Raven, Cory, is that true?
Eh...
(both mumbling ):
Eh, yeah...
Okay, Larry, what
happened next?
Well, I was staring
at Raven...
Because of my beauty?
Not exactly.
You had some green stuff
stuck in your teeth.
Yeah, you know what,
I should not have had
that spinach omelet
for breakfast, no.
Okay, Larry, just focus--
what happened next?
Well, it was snack time,
and things turned ugly.
Raven, it's time for me
to pass out the snacks.
Sounds more like time
to take advantage
of your sister.
I'm not taking advantage of you.
This really is my job.
Then it must be
my job to tell you
to sit back down.
It's snack time,
and I'm giving out the cookies.
Snack time? Cory,
the teacher said
nothing about snacks.
Cory! Give me
those cookies.
No!
BOTH:
Give me the cookies!
So you both broke them.
LARRY:
Everyone was hungry,
so Cory went
to the candy closet.
Cory, you better not open those.
Okay. Here, Larry, open that.
LARRY:
Okay, so that one was my bad.
(Raven yells )
Cory, you are
in big trouble now!
Aah! My shirt!
That's right-- a bowling trophy
smashed the juice.
My shirt! Oh!
Cory, this is all your fault.
What? I didn't do it.
Cory...
No, I didn't.
LARRY:
That wasn't a very good place
for a hook.
My shirt!
Cory...
Whoa! Whoa, whoa...
And I think you know
what happens next.
(gasps )
(screams )
(groans )
And that's
what really happened.
It was all an accident.
CHELSEA:
Well,
case closed.
Come on, Larry,
I'm taking you downtown, son.
To the police station?
No, silly, for
an ice cream cone.
You've done good, kid.
What upsets me
is that this whole thing
could've been avoided.
But both of you expected
the worst in each other,
and that's exactly what you got.
Mom, come on,
how was I supposed
to know that out of
all the kids in Cory's class,
he was the one in charge
of handing out the snacks?
Itwas my job.
I was Student of the Week.
VICTOR:
He got straight A's,
and he had
perfect behavior.
Cory?
This Cory?
You? See, I had no idea.
You know, you should read the
refrigerator door more often.
See? You shouldn't have
came in there all bossy.
I wasn't bossy.
I was nervous.
You were nervous?
You're not afraid of anything.
You know, I was afraid
I would mess up
and... embarrass myself.
I didn't know you worried
about stuff like that.
TONYA:
You know,
maybe the two of you
learned something
about each other
that will bring you
closer together.
Mm-hmm. Especially when you two
are doing extra chores
to help pay
for Mrs. Applebaum's portrait.
You can start with the dusting.
Come on, little bro.
What in the...?
Whoa!
I love it!
I hate it!
It's cool!
It's ridiculous!
You know, I think this
is a real turning point
for Cory and Raven.
(loud crash )
She did it!
He did it!
GROZOWTSKI:
So, how were your
career experiences?
I don't know, Mr. G.
I didn't sell anything.
Yeah, teaching-- not my thing.
Well, I don't know
about you guys,
but I was born
for police work. Born.
Well, still, it's amazing
I got even one right--
considering I lost
the answer key to your tests
and... I made up the results.
Oh, man!
All right, all right,
all right,
all right.
I found the key.
Here are the correct results.
Musician!
Fashion designer!
Environmental biologist?!
Chels, come on,
that's what you've
always wanted to be.
Well, yeah, I know,
but... I don't know, Rae,
I'm kind of really gonna miss
the action, you know?
Actually,
Rae, do you mind
standing up for a minute?
What?
Just a minute.
In the middle
of the class?
Quick second, yeah.
All right spread 'em!
Spread 'em, spread 'em.
All right,
you have the right
to remain silent.
And...
you have the right
to an attorney.
Mm-hmm.
Chels?
What?
You do have the keys
to those, right?